So now that we have a main view model, let's see if we can call on U.S. state our main view model,
so we can actually see something, hopefully.
So before we do that, let's go back to the main navigation.
So again, so control command or control e, right?
And I'm going to see navigation, sea navigation, very good weather, navigation.
For this to work, we need to, of course, pass.
Around our main view model through our composable here.
So it's very simple.
All I do, I'm going to create a foul call view what's called mean view model as such.
I mean, if you model your model type, I'm going to say hilt view, model a section and then we need
to pass the type in the angle brackets.
So it is going to be a main view model like this.
OK, so then this main view model, we're going to pass it through or around quite a few model.
I mean, if you Monomoy such and then it will need to add parameter in main screen of our view model.
So if you go, there are no command, click can see if your model is added as such and what are we going
to do?
Can instantiate it right away.
I say hilt a model like this.
But before we move forward, there's something that I've noticed when we look at our object.
Let's go back.
We're passing this weather object as the type for our data or exception, the actual data.
Let's look at it.
This is the wrong one to pass around.
The reason being is because we want to receive this whole payload.
Now, if you look at the weather object, we have description icon ID mean, that's not exactly what
this represents.
That will represent this actual weather object that is inside of this weather array or list.
So that's not what we are expecting to receive right away.
He just tells me that I've made a mistake and we need to rectify that.
How do we do that?
Well, let's go to our start with the repository.
What we want to do, I want to make sure that instead of whether object, we need to pass something
else, let's go back to our models.
Let's look at our weather weather, right?
This is the payload that we need to pass or receive, which then, you know, a list in this case is
going to be a list of weather objects.
So if you go here.
You'll see that we have this list, which contains this payload here, this object containing all of
the information like dirty temps and so forth, which is exactly what we want, whether item.
So if you combined, click this is that payload.
OK, and then we have a weather which has that weather object list.
So this is a structure, right stake?
That's OK.
At least we've looked at it before a disaster.
So let me get rid of that.
So anywhere else, we're where we're passing new data exception instead of whether we're going to pass
the weather like that, OK, we're going to have some problems.
That just means we're going to go to get weather and instead of weather, object is also going to be
weather.
Right, class, let's see what else, let's get rid of that.
I object to it any that and.
Repository.
It's whether that's very good.
So let's go ahead and run real quick just to make sure we're not going to see anything really changing
much, but at least we want to make sure that we didn't break the app.
There's one that are missing here.
Let's go up here where they're upset, right?
Let's change that to weather.
OK, let's try it again.
All right, so there we go.
Everything is set up.
Listen, we know that the types that we are receiving, it's is the correct type which will resemble
this entire payload.
Not just what's inside.
All right, so let's go ahead and test to see if we can get something from our API.
So back so we still remain here.
What I'm going to do, actually, is I'm going to create another composable here, just a test composable
and we'll see a fun show data such.
We'll get to that.
And I'm going to get all of that and put the cat all of that input in there.
OK.
And inside here, this is where I'm going to call the show data, which is testing and what I'm going
to do.
I'm actually pass on main view model as such, and then we'll have to add that show the main view model
into our show data.
OK.
So inside here is where we are going to check, to see and actually to get our main view model and see
if we can get some data now because the way we structure our view model, you notice that here we have
this mutable state that's wrapped inside of actually we have this data or exception.
It's wrapped instead of multiple state in order for this to work.
We'll have to make sure that we produce that state right in our view model on this case and our main
screen so that we can get the data that we need.
What I mean by that is as follows.
So in this case here, I'm going to have to say, Val, let's call this weather data such and I'm going
to invoke to produce state as such.
Now, initial value of this produce state is going to be something I want to add in a second.
Now, before we move forward and we're going to pass the type that this produce state will have to expect,
which is going to be our data or exception type like this.
And it's going to be a weather type first and a Boolean and an exception e like that.
OK, very good.
And so we'll continue.
Our initial value here is going to be.
Data or exception?
And I'm going to pass loading.
To be true.
And then for our producer here, because it's their last function that has been passed, I'm going to
just use the lambda trailing lambda.
So instead, here this is where the state is produced.
In fact, you can see this is the produce state scope, which is going to be a dinner exception.
Typekit we're going to be setting up.
We're getting here.
So I see value.
Notice the value.
It's going to be passed implicitly.
We've seen a bit tape, which is going to be data reception type.
OK, so how do we get that?
We're going to set that.
Well, I'm going to use view model that we're getting main view model that is and I'm going to go ahead
and say that data like this and get the value very good.
And then, of course, I'm going to go and say, get the value actual value to finalize our weather
data.
Very good.
So now is this weather data.
It's going to be a state that has been produced by calling produced state, we pass all of this information.
OK.
And the initial value is going to be loading because we're saying data exception loading is true.
And then we are passing on a main view model.
Get the data right.
And then pass that into this value inside of this produced state, and then we invokes that failure
to get the actual value once the state has been produced, we should, which should have some information.
So next, we're going to do is let's go ahead and put in a brief statement and say if weather data that
loading is true, what are we going to do?
I'm going to put a circle progress indicator else if in this case, weather data that data the actual
weather object is not.
No such thing in this case, I'm just going to go ahead and cut that and put that inside.
And I'm just going to say here weather data data.
And I say to strength, so it's just going to get the data object and put it into a string.
In fact, let's go even further, let's say data.
Let's get C.T. and get the country.
They will need to wrap it all to make it work like that.
All right.
So show data has been called there inside where we have instantiated, of course, our main view model.
Let's see if this works, let's go ahead and run.
All right.
Looks like he keeps running and running, and we don't know when it stops.
OK, let's stop this and maybe do some debugging.
We see nothing.
Let's go to our Logcat.
And you can see that or get.
Whether I see this is from or whether I see what this will say, it shows nothing but somewhere in our
main view model.
We say get we're not getting and we're getting something, but it says no, wait without getting anything.
What's the problem?
OK, let's go to our main repository.
This is where everything happens, really.
The layer that connects to the actual retrofit.
And instead of the exception here, let's see if we can log.
Something the exception that may happen because something is not right, that's passive.
We
just put something gibberish like this, so to differentiate.
In this run, this hopefully, we can see the log, see if something is not right or what is it that
is not right.
OK, very good.
So looking at our logs, it says, Rex Whyalla, this is what we have and we have a problem, says Jason.
Syntax exception Java Lang No exception.
Expected end, but was zero point seven eight.
OK, so looks like we have some issues in our data and models that is expecting a different type, but
is getting something different.
What I usually like to do is copy this zero point seven eight and we know that on May four, in our
main view model, we pass in Seattle.
That's what we should get.
Let's go to.
Our payload here and it is Seattle very good.
And what I'm going to do is, say Command F to find in when a paste that eight.
OK, so now I see you have this pop.
This is the field which is inside of one of these list like objects is actual weather.
So that means then let's look in our data, in our models as models, I should say, to see what type
do we have set for pop?
OK.
Because that seems to be the problem, says here Jabba Lang.
No format exception expected an intimate found in this case, a double.
Let's go to our models and let's click whether that's not where the pop is weather item.
A-ha.
So there's a pop pop here is somehow an int.
But what is been expected is actually a double.
So that means then we need to change this.
I don't know what happens.
Sometimes happens the plug in probably fetched the wrong type and it was added in into instead of a
double.
That was the problem.
OK, well, I hope that was the problem.
That was the only problem.
And let's go ahead and run again to see if this is going to be solved and hopeful can see something.
And voila!
So even though this keeps going, that's fine.
It looks like we have a winner here.
Something is now working, which is good, so we're getting the correct payload, get the city and everything
is good.
All right.
So now we're getting the information we want.
So the score from this inside, just inside Walla, it's working.
OK, let's ignore this for now.
In fact, we could snap all together and that means than in our view model.
This is being called actually in our repository.
This has been called and are getting data there in our view model, let's see.
Get weather, OK?
Also, get weather is still novel, but that's fine.
It's probably because we're outside.
That's OK, so we're able to get that information, which is exactly what we want.
Now we see we have a little problem here.
The problem is that when we use our weather data, we are invoking main view model that data in this
dead data here is actually a vowel which is mutable state that we created earlier and so forth.
So we have a little problem here because things are not being set up the way we want.
First of all, at this point, this data is going to be empty or it's going to be null because we instead
of this, get value or get weather and we had the city and we have the view, model, scope and so forth.
And when we log this data value, it is indeed null.
That's why you see that we always get weather, which is this good weather or rather either one of these,
we get that null.
Now, to simplify our lives because this would work in different circumstances, especially for testing.
And we don't want that to simplify our lives because all we want to do is to invoke the get weather
data in past a CD and so forth and go from there what we can do.
Instead, I'm going to get rid of all of this.
Yes.
Yes, I know, I know, I know.
But it's OK instead of what I'm going to do.
We go all of that.
As I said, let's stop this.
So we don't see that happening there.
And also, I'm going to get rid of this as well.
And all I'm going to do, I'm going to put a suspend function here.
Such call get weather data like this and we're past a city.
It's going to be a string and this is going to return a data or exception.
It's going to be weather object.
Essentially, what we had before boolean an exception.
OK.
All right.
So all I'm going to do, I say return like this repository where the repository invoked again, whether
in pass the city or city query and pass our city, that's been passed.
And there we go.
This is most similar because we know that when we call get weather data, it's going to return the type
that we want, which is much easier to deal with than what we had before.
And it simplifies everything.
And now when we go to our main screen, this should work, but we have to change a few things.
Notice if you model that data no longer works because we don't have that variable.
OK.
Instead, we're going to go ahead and call that get weather and pass the city.
In this case, I'm just passing Seattle right to start with, and now everything else stays the same.
And while the main screen USA, that's wonderful, so now it works perfectly, which is exactly what
we want.
OK, so very simple.
We have to get weather past City.
It's going to return a type which is easier to grasp because remember, even in our main screen here,
when we say weather data and get to produce state right, we're expecting a type that is being passed
along.
It's easier to deal with instead of going straight to a field that we had added before at the top.
This is much easier.
And I believe this is the best way to do what we want to do.
And I can see we can get that object.
In fact, for good, the main screen here can get more than that.
Let's just go in and get data that string so it can see the whole thing or say, Let's go ahead and
run.
I guess I didn't have to have to string, but it's OK.
Very good.
Voila!
Now I'm able to get the entire payload.
I can't scroll up and down because it's just I don't have a column in this case, a lazy column.
But now I get the whole thing right.
The whole payload, which is exactly what we need, what we want.
This is not helpful, of course, but you can see that things are actually working.
I even if I change this to, let's say, Moscow.
You can see it, says Moscow, it's in Russia and so forth, so what it was change here.
Let's say Portland now we have to run this.
And you can see.
Yes, Portland population and all the data that we want.
Wonderful.
So it is indeed working.
We had to tweak a few things.
We had to debug a few things.
But that's what we do as developers.
So make sure I hope you are able to get to see it with some data showing, which is very important because
now that we have the data, we can do all sorts of things.